one day , a little girl named lily found a needle in her room . she knew it was difficult to play with it because it was sharp . lily wanted to share the needle with her mom , so she could sew a button on her shirt . lily went to her mom and said , " mom , i found this needle . can you share it with me and sew my shirt ? " her mom smiled and said , " yes , lily , we can share the needle and fix your shirt . " together , they shared the needle and sewed the button on lily ' s shirt . it was not difficult for them because they were sharing and helping each other . after they finished , lily thanked her mom for sharing the needle and fixing her shirt . they both felt happy because they had shared and worked together .
once upon a time , there was a little car named beep . beep loved to go fast and play in the sun . beep was a healthy car because he always had good fuel . good fuel made beep happy and strong . one day , beep was driving in the park when he saw a big tree . the tree had many leaves that were falling . beep liked how the leaves fall and wanted to play with them . beep drove under the tree and watched the leaves fall on him . he laughed and beeped his horn . beep played with the falling leaves all day . when it was time to go home , beep knew he needed more fuel . he went to the fuel place and got more healthy fuel . now , beep was ready to go fast and play again the next day . and beep lived happily ever after .
one day , a little fish named fin was swimming near the shore . he saw a big crab and wanted to be friends . " hi , i am fin . do you want to play ? " asked the little fish . the crab looked at fin and said , " no , i don ' t want to play . i am cold and i don ' t feel fine . " fin felt sad but wanted to help the crab feel better . he swam away and thought of a plan . he remembered that the sun could make things warm . so , fin swam to the top of the water and called to the sun , " please , sun , help my new friend feel fine and not freeze ! " the sun heard fin ' s call and shone its warm light on the shore . the crab started to feel better and not so cold . he saw fin and said , " thank you , little fish , for making me feel fine . i don ' t feel like i will freeze now . let ' s play together ! " and so , fin and the crab played and became good friends .
once upon a time , in a land full of trees , there was a little cherry tree . the cherry tree was very sad because it did not have any friends . all the other trees were big and strong , but the cherry tree was small and weak . the cherry tree was envious of the big trees . one day , the cherry tree felt a tickle in its branches . it was a little spring wind . the wind told the cherry tree not to be sad . the wind said , " you are special because you have sweet cherries that everyone loves . " the cherry tree started to feel a little better . as time went on , the cherry tree grew more and more cherries . all the animals in the land came to eat the cherries and play under the cherry tree . the cherry tree was happy because it had many friends now . the cherry tree learned that being different can be a good thing . and they all lived happily ever after .
once upon a time , there was a little girl named lily . lily liked to pretend she was a popular princess . she lived in a big castle with her best friends , a cat and a dog . one day , while playing in the castle , lily found a big cobweb . the cobweb was in the way of her fun game . she wanted to get rid of it , but she was scared of the spider that lived there . lily asked her friends , the cat and the dog , to help her . they all worked together to clean the cobweb . the spider was sad , but it found a new home outside . lily , the cat , and the dog were happy they could play without the cobweb in the way . and they all lived happily ever after .
once upon a time , in a big lake , there was a brown kayak . the brown kayak liked to roll in the water all day long . it was very happy when it could roll and splash in the lake . one day , a little boy named tim came to play with the brown kayak . tim and the brown kayak rolled in the water together . they laughed and had a lot of fun . the sun was shining , and the water was warm . after a while , it was time for tim to go home . he said goodbye to the brown kayak and gave it a big hug . the brown kayak was sad to see tim go , but it knew they would play together again soon . so , the brown kayak kept rolling in the water , waiting for the next fun day with tim .
once upon a time , in a small town , there was a troubled little girl named lily . she was always sad because she lost her favorite toy , a triangle . she looked everywhere in her house but could not find it . one sunny day , lily went to the park to play . she saw a big puddle of water and thought her triangle might be there . she put her hand in the water to soak it and looked for her toy . she felt something at the bottom of the puddle . lily pulled it out and saw that it was her triangle ! she was so happy that she found it . from that day on , lily was never troubled again . she played with her triangle every day and always kept it close to her . and when she saw puddles , she would smile and remember how she found her toy .
once upon a time , in a peaceful town , there lived a little boy named tim . tim loved to run and play outside . one day , tim saw a race in the park . he was excited and wanted to join the race . tim went to his friend , sarah , and said , " let ' s start the race ! " sarah smiled and said , " yes , let ' s go ! " they lined up with the other kids and waited for the race to begin . when they heard the word " go ! " , they started running as fast as they could . tim and sarah ran with all their speed , laughing and having fun . they could feel the wind in their hair as they raced to the finish line . in the end , tim won the race and sarah came in second . they were both so happy and proud of themselves . they celebrated with their friends and had a great day at the park .
once upon a time , there was a clever little dog named max . max loved to run and play with his friends in the park . one day , max was running very fast when he fell and hurt his knee . max went to his friend , the wise old owl , and said , " owl , my knee hurts . what can i do ? " the owl thought for a moment and said , " max , you should test your knee . try to walk slowly and see if it still hurts . " so max tested his knee by walking slowly . at first , it hurt a little , but soon max felt better . he said , " thank you , owl , for your help . now i can play with my friends again . " max was so happy that he could play with his friends without pain . he learned that sometimes , it was good to slow down and listen to his body . and max and his friends played happily in the park ever after .
one day , a fast driver named tim went for a ride in his loud car . he loved to speed down the street and feel the wind in his hair . as he drove , he saw his friend , sam , standing by the road . " hi , sam ! " tim called out . " do you want to go for a ride ? " " yes , please ! " sam said , and he got in the car . they drove around the town , going fast and having fun . the car was very loud , and everyone could hear them coming . at last , they stopped at the park to play . they ran and laughed until it was time to go home . tim and sam had a great day together , speeding in the loud car and playing in the park .
once , there was a boy named tim . tim liked to fish . he had a long pole to catch fish . one day , his friend sam came to play . sam saw the pole and asked , " can you lend me your pole ? " tim said , " yes , but be careful ! " sam took the pole and went to the river . he tried to catch a fish . he saw a big , yummy fish . he wanted to catch it . he pulled the pole very hard . but the pole broke ! sam felt sad . sam went back to tim with the broken pole . he said , " i am sorry , i broke your pole . " tim was very sad . now , he could not catch yummy fish . they both learned to be more careful with their things .
once upon a time , in a small house , there lived a boy named tim . tim was a selfish boy . he did not like to share his things with others . one day , his mom brought home a big bag of vegetables . she wanted to explain to tim why it was important to share . " tim , " said mom , " we need to share these vegetables with our neighbors . it is not good to be selfish . " tim did not want to share the vegetables . he wanted to keep them all for himself . but mom told him , " if you share , you will make others happy . " tim thought about it and then said , " no , i don ' t want to share . " so , he took the vegetables and hid them in his room . the neighbors were sad because they had no food to eat . they knocked on tim ' s door and asked if he had any food to share . tim did not want to share , so he said no . that night , tim ate all the vegetables by himself . he felt very full and sick . he wished he had listened to his mom and shared with the neighbors . but now , it was too late . the vegetables were gone , and tim felt very bad .
once upon a time , there was a girl named sue . sue had long hair that would remind her of a rainbow . she would play with her hair all day . one day , sue saw a slow snail in her garden . the snail had a pretty shell . sue wanted to be friends with the snail . she named the snail sam . sue and sam played together every day . they would race , but sam was always slow . sue would laugh and clap her hands . sue and sam were very happy .
once upon a time , there was a helpful girl named lily . she loved to read books and spend time with her friends . one day , she found a new book at school . the book was about a kind bear who helped everyone in the forest . lily read the book to her friends . they all liked the story . they wanted to be like the kind bear in the book . so , they decided to help others too . they helped their teacher clean the classroom . they also helped their friends when they fell down or needed a friend to play with . as they spent more time being helpful , lily and her friends felt happy . they learned that being kind and helpful to others made them happy too . the moral of the story is to be kind and helpful , just like the kind bear in the book .
once upon a time , there was a little boy named tim . tim wanted to build something special for his mom ' s birthday . he thought and thought about what to make . then , he had an idea ! he would build a big present for her . tim was worried . he didn ' t know if he could build the present all by himself . he asked his dad for help . together , they found some big boxes , pretty paper , and a big bow . they worked together to make the present look nice . when tim ' s mom saw the present , she was so happy ! she gave tim a big hug and thanked him for the special gift . tim felt proud that he could build something so nice for his mom . and he was no longer worried .
one day , a big whale was swimming in the deep blue sea . the whale was very mysterious . it had a big smile on its face and liked to play with the little fish . the mysterious whale loved to relax in the warm water . it would lay on its back and let the waves rock it like a baby . the little fish would swim around the whale , and they all felt happy and safe . one day , the mysterious whale and the little fish found a beautiful place to relax . it was a quiet spot with lots of colorful plants and pretty shells . they all had a fun day , playing and relaxing together in their new secret place .
once upon a time , there was a smelly old tree . by the tree , there was a big hole . in the hole , there was a shiny coin . a boy named tim saw the coin and wanted it . tim said to his friend , " i want that coin , but the tree is smelly and rot . " his friend said , " be brave , tim ! you can get the coin . " so , tim went to the smelly tree and tried to get the coin from the hole . as tim got closer to the hole , he saw a little mouse . the mouse said , " i will help you get the coin , but you must help me too . " tim agreed , and they got the coin together . tim was happy , and the mouse was happy too . and they both learned that even in smelly places , good things can happen .
once upon a time , there was a little boy named tim . tim loved going to the park to play . one day , tim went to the park with his mom and dad . he was very happy . at the park , tim saw a big tree . he wanted to give the tree a hug . so , he hugged the tree and felt good . tim liked the tree a lot . he played with his ball , ran around , and had a lot of fun . tim had a successful day at the park . he played and laughed a lot . when it was time to go home , tim felt tired but happy . he couldn ' t wait to come back to the park again .
one sunny day , a pretty boat was on the water . the boat was red and blue . a girl named lily and her dog , spot , were on the boat . they liked to play and have fun together . lily saw a big fish jump out of the water . she said , " wow , spot ! did you see that big fish ? " spot barked and wagged his tail . they both laughed and clapped their hands . lily picked up a hose and started to spray water . she sprayed the water on the boat and on spot . spot jumped and barked , trying to catch the water . they played and sprayed water until the sun went down . then , they went home , happy and wet .
once upon a time , there was a girl named lily . she had a flute that she loved to play . one day , she met a deaf cat who could not hear her play the flute . lily wanted to help the cat hear her music . lily had an idea . she would stretch a big string from her flute to the cat ' s ear . the cat could feel the music through the string . the cat was happy and started to dance . lily and the deaf cat became best friends . they played and danced together every day . the cat loved to feel the music from lily ' s flute . they were happy and had lots of fun .
